feat: refactor code_owner code from edx-dajango-utils (#838)
edx/edx-arch-experiments: edx_arch_experiments/datadog_monitoring/docs/how_tos/update_monitoring_for_squad_or_theme_changes.rst

Update Monitoring for Squad or Theme Changes
============================================

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Understanding code owner custom attributes
------------------------------------------

If you first need some background on the ``code_owner_2_squad`` and ``code_owner_2_theme`` custom attributes, see `Using Code_Owner Custom Span Tags`_.

> .. _Using Code_Owner Custom Span Tags: https://github.com/openedx/edx-arch-experiments/blob/master/edx_arch_experiments/datadog_monitoring/docs/how_tos/add_code_owner_custom_attribute_to_an_ida.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _Using Code_Owner Custom Span Tags: https://github.com/edx/edx-arch-experiments/blob/main/edx_arch_experiments/datadog_monitoring/docs/how_tos/add_code_owner_custom_attribute_to_an_ida.rst
```

Understanding code owner custom attributes
------------------------------------------

If you first need some background on the ``code_owner_2_squad`` and ``code_owner_2_theme`` custom attributes, see `Using Code_Owner Custom Span Tags`_.

.. _Using Code_Owner Custom Span Tags: https://github.com/openedx/edx-arch-experiments/blob/master/edx_arch_experiments/datadog_monitoring/docs/how_tos/add_code_owner_custom_attribute_to_an_ida.rst

Expand and contract name changes
--------------------------------

Datadog monitors or dashboards may use the ``code_owner_2_squad`` or ``code_owner_2_theme`` (or ``code_owner_2``) custom span tags.

To change a squad or theme name, you should *expand* before the change, and *contract* after the change.

Example expand phase::

    code_owner_2_squad:('old-squad-name', 'new-squad-name')
    code_owner_2_theme:('old-theme-name', 'new-theme-name')

> Example contract phase NRQL::

Reviewer: Still some NRQL references here.

Reviewer: Yeah, I think it was just the NRQL reference.
